rest: Document missing endpoints (#727)
syncthing/docs: rest/db-localchanged-get.rst

GET /rest/db/localchanged
=========================

.. versionadded:: 0.14.55

Takes one mandatory parameter, ``folder``, and returns the list of files which
were changed locally in a receive-only folder.  Thus they differ from the global

> stateand could be reverted by pulling from remote devices again, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
state and could be reverted by pulling from remote devices again, see
```
